# jdd
A Java Bytecode De-compilation Plug-In for Platform Independent Core-file Analyzers

JVM environments see a lot of crashes. At such instances, service engineers prefer to understand the application method which apparently saw the failure. Problem determination usually begins with the comprehension of the structure of methods. This is more pronounced in the case of the JIT compiler crashes. Any failure in the JIT compiler often demands the understanding of the bytecode sequence that was being compiled. Till date, engineers have been comprehending method structures by studying and understanding bytecodes. This process is tedious and slows down the pace of debugging. If the structure of the method very readily available, it could expedite the process of problem determination and resolution. This idea of a de-compilation plug-in for a core file analyzer tool, presents a solution for the problem mentioned above. Bytecodes of a method may be read using the API defined by the core file analysis tool. These bytecodes and other method information can then be processed to generate Java code. In this process, we shift from a stack-based nature of the bytecodes to Java code. This shift is achieved by a three-step process. The first two processes define their own Intermediate Language and work with it. The first of the two is closer to bytecodes and the second is closer to Java code. Finally the third phase involves the construction of a parse tree. A depth-first walk of this parse tree will reveal the Java code of this method.
